   Welcome to the Simpsons Wiki!
 We are currently editing over 24,547 articles, 234,587 pages, 130,860 files, and 33,869,590 users.
 Simpsons Wiki is a free encyclopedia for everything related to The Simpsons. The wiki allows anyone to create or edit any article, so everyone can contribute their knowledge to help create a decisive database of Simpsons information.
 Homer Jay Simpson, (born May 12, 1956) is the father of the Simpson Family. He is an overweight, lazy, and ignorant individual, but is strongly devoted to his wife and children. Despite this and his below average intelligence, he has shown moments of great intellect, and can be a caring parent and husband at times.

 Homer Simpson works as a low level safety inspector at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant, in Sector 7G, although he is often incompetent and mostly sleeps on duty and eats the doughnuts that are provided. He spends a great deal of his time at Moe's Tavern with his lifelong friends Barney, Carl, Lenny, and bartender Moe. At home he can often be found sitting on the sofa mindlessly watching TV while snacking on food and drinking Duff. Homer is also the only son of Abe and Mona .

 Read the full article here at Simpsons Wiki
Recurring Guest Stars

Joe Mantegna:
Marion Anthony "Fat Tony" D'Amico and Fit Fat Tony.
Kelsey Grammer:
Sideshow Bob.
Albert Brooks:
Brad Goodman, Hank Scorpio, Tab Spangler.
Jon Lovitz:
Artie Ziff, Professor Lombardo, Aristotle Amadopolis, Jay Sherman, Llewellyn Sinclair (Season 1-4, 6, 8, 13, 15, 18, 24).
Jane Kaczmarek:
Judge Constance Harm (Season 13-16, 18, 21).
 Homer and Flanders went to Las Vegas for the weekend. They got drunk and met Amber and Ginger when they were serving them their alcohol at a restaurant located in the Nero's Palace casino. In a drunken haze, they married the two women but abandoned them the next day, agreeing not to tell their families.

 After Maude's death, Homer mentions that Amber and Ginger were crazy about them. Marge asks what he is talking about, but Homer tells her that they're trying to help Ned deal with the death of Maude.

 Amber and Ginger later managed to track down Homer and Ned in Springfield. Homer attempted to annul his marriage to Amber, but it was upheld under Nevada law. To get rid of her, the Simpson family tricked Amber into marrying Grampa and agreeing to forsake her vows to Homer.

 Amber died of an overdose at a theme park in front of a sign warning guests not to stand up on a roller coaster. Her funeral was held in Springfield and attended by the Simpsons.

 Amber can be seen as a ghost inside Bart's dream.

 Trivia
 Amber and Homer's marriage was bigamous as Homer and Marge were remarried at the end of "A Milhouse Divided", although it was later found out that Reverend Lovejoy was not an official minister at the time when Homer and Marge got "remarried", so their marriage was null and void, until they officially got remarried in "Wedding for Disaster".
 She is still alive in Tapped Out.
 She is sleazier than Ginger.
 Appearances
  Episode – "Viva Ned Flanders"
  Episode – "Alone Again, Natura-Diddily" (mentioned)
  Episode – "Brawl in the Family"
  Episode – "Old Yeller-Belly" (mentioned)
  Episode – "Barting Over" (mentioned)
  Episode – "Jazzy and the Pussycats" (death and funeral)
  THOH – "Treehouse of Horror XIX" (seen in the opening sequence of "How to Get Ahead in Dead-Vertising")
  Episode – "Flanders' Ladder" (as ghost)

  Video game – The Simpsons: Tapped Out
